[Docs][Install] Update description for default and extras installation of openvino-dev (#14706)
openvinotoolkit/openvino: docs/install_guides/installing-model-dev-tools.md

## <a name="install-dev-tools"></a>Installing OpenVINO™ Development Tools
Follow these step-by-step instructions to install OpenVINO Development Tools on your computer.
There are two options to install OpenVINO Development Tools: installation into an existing environment with a deep learning framework that was used
for model training or creation; or installation into a new environment.

### Installation into an Existing Environment with the Source Deep Learning Framework

To install OpenVINO Development Tools (see the [What's in the Package](#whats-in-the-package) section of this article) into an existing environment
with the deep learning framework used for the model training or creation, run the following command:

```sh
pip install openvino-dev
```

### Installation in a New Environment

If you do not have an environment with a deep learning framework for the input model or you encounter any compatibility issues between OpenVINO

> and your deep learning framework, you may install OpenVINO Development Tools with validated versions of frameworks into a new environment. 

Reviewer: I would clarify this as "compatibility issues between openvino and your VERSION of deep learning framework"

Author: Done.

## <a name="cpp-developers"></a>For C++ Developers
If you are a C++ developer, you must first install OpenVINO Runtime separately to set up the C++ libraries, sample code, and dependencies for building applications with OpenVINO. These files are not included with the PyPI distribution. See the [Install OpenVINO Runtime](./installing-openvino-runtime.md) page to install OpenVINO Runtime from an archive file for your operating system.

Once OpenVINO Runtime is installed, you may install OpenVINO Development Tools for access to tools like Model Optimizer, Model Downloader, Benchmark Tool, and other utilities that will help you optimize your model and develop your application. Follow the steps in the <a href="#install-dev-tools">Installing OpenVINO Development Tools</a> section on this page to install it.

## <a name="install-dev-tools"></a>Installing OpenVINO™ Development Tools
Follow these step-by-step instructions to install OpenVINO Development Tools on your computer.

> There are two options to install OpenVINO Development Tools: installation into the existing environment with the source deep learning framework used

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
There are two options to install OpenVINO Development Tools: installation into an existing environment with a deep learning framework that was used
```

> for the model training or creation; installation without having the environment.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
for model training or creation; or installation into a new environment.
```

> ### Installation into the Existing Environment with the Source Deep Learning Framework

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
### Installation into an Existing Environment with the Source Deep Learning Framework
```

> To install OpenVINO Development Tools (see the [What's in the Package](#whats-in-the-package) section of this article) into the existing environment

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
To install OpenVINO Development Tools (see the [What's in the Package](#whats-in-the-package) section of this article) into an existing environment
```

> with the deep learning framework used for the model training or creation, run the following command:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
with the deep learning framework used for the model training or creation, run the following command:
```

```sh
pip install openvino-dev
```

> > **NOTE**: This installation is also suitable if the model is already in the IR format.

Reviewer 2: This note just adds more confusion, in my opinion. What is the reason for including it?

Author: The idea is to cover a case when an user has a model in IR format and wants to quantize it using POC. In that case the default installation is sufficient.
How do you think - will it make sence?

Author: Removed to avoid confusion. I think it is more advanced case that I described and it relates to users who should know of OpenVINO and have OV installed.

> ### Installation without Having Environment with the Source Deep Learning Framework

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
### Installation in a New Environment
```

> In case that you do not have the environment with the source deep learning framework for the input model or you encounter any compatibility issues between OpenVINO

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
If you do not have an environment with a deep learning framework for the input model or you encounter any compatibility issues between OpenVINO
```

> and your deep learning framework, you may install OpenVINO Development Tools with validated versions of the framework into a new environment. 

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
and your deep learning framework, you may install OpenVINO Development Tools with validated versions of frameworks into a new environment. 
```

@endsphinxdirective

#### Step 3. Set Up and Update PIP to the Highest Version
Make sure `pip` is installed in your environment and upgrade it to the latest version by issuing the following command:

```sh
python -m pip install --upgrade pip
```

#### Step 4. Install the Package

> To install and configure the components of the development package for working with specific frameworks, use the commands below.

Reviewer: "To install and configure .. together with validated versions of specific frameworks"
I guess this is what really happens?

Author: Done

```sh
pip install openvino-dev[extras]
```

where the `extras` parameter specifies the source deep learning framework for the input model
and has the following values:  `caffe`, `kaldi`, `mxnet`, `onnx`, `pytorch`, `tensorflow`, `tensorflow2`. 

> Make sure that you install the corresponding frameworks for your models.

Reviewer: Not sure if "make sure .." comment actually adds value here, not sure what you think...

Author: Removed.

@endsphinxdirective

#### Step 3. Set Up and Update PIP to the Highest Version
Make sure `pip` is installed in your environment and upgrade it to the latest version by issuing the following command:

```sh
python -m pip install --upgrade pip
```

#### Step 4. Install the Package

To install and configure the components of the development package for working with specific frameworks, use the commands below.

```sh
pip install openvino-dev[extras]
```

where the `extras` parameter specifies the source deep learning framework for the input model
and has the following values:  `caffe`, `kaldi`, `mxnet`, `onnx`, `pytorch`, `tensorflow`, `tensorflow2`. 
Make sure that you install the corresponding frameworks for your models.

> For example, to install and configure the components for working with TensorFlow 2.x and ONNX, use the following command:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
For example, to install and configure dependencies required for working with TensorFlow 2.x and ONNX models, use the following command:
```

.. tab:: Python

>    To install OpenVINO Development Tools into the existing environment with the deep learning framework used for the model training, run the following command:

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
   To install OpenVINO Development Tools into an existing environment with the deep learning framework used for the model training, run the following command:
```

   .. code-block:: sh

      pip install openvino-dev

   In case that you do not have the deep learning framework in your environment used for the model training or encounter any compatibility issues between OpenVINO and your deep learning framework,

>    you may install OpenVINO Development Tools with validated versions of the framework into a separate environment. Use the following command:

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
   install OpenVINO Development Tools with validated versions of the framework into a separate environment. Use the following command:
```
